C:\Users\gus\UP\Xablau\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.Development.json
C:\Users\gus\UP\Xablau\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.json
C:\Users\gus\UP\Xablau\bin\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.exe
C:\Users\gus\UP\Xablau\bin\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.deps.json
C:\Users\gus\UP\Xablau\bin\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\gus\UP\Xablau\bin\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.dll
C:\Users\gus\UP\Xablau\bin\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.pdb
C:\Users\gus\UP\Xablau\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
C:\Users\gus\UP\Xablau\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
C:\Users\gus\UP\Xablau\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
C:\Users\gus\UP\Xablau\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
C:\Users\gus\UP\Xablau\obj\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\gus\UP\Xablau\obj\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\gus\UP\Xablau\obj\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\gus\UP\Xablau\obj\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\gus\UP\Xablau\obj\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\gus\UP\Xablau\obj\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\gus\UP\Xablau\obj\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
C:\Users\gus\UP\Xablau\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.build.json
C:\Users\gus\UP\Xablau\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.development.json
C:\Users\gus\UP\Xablau\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.Xablau.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
C:\Users\gus\UP\Xablau\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.Xablau.props
C:\Users\gus\UP\Xablau\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.Xablau.props
C:\Users\gus\UP\Xablau\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.Xablau.props
C:\Users\gus\UP\Xablau\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
C:\Users\gus\UP\Xablau\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\bundle\Xablau.styles.css
C:\Users\gus\UP\Xablau\obj\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.csproj.Up2Date
C:\Users\gus\UP\Xablau\obj\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.dll
C:\Users\gus\UP\Xablau\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\Xablau.dll
C:\Users\gus\UP\Xablau\obj\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.pdb
C:\Users\gus\UP\Xablau\obj\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\gus\UP\Xablau\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\Xablau.dll
C:\Users\gus\UP\Xablau\bin\Debug\net8.0\Humanizer.dll
C:\Users\gus\UP\Xablau\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
C:\Users\gus\UP\Xablau\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\gus\UP\Xablau\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Design.dll
C:\Users\gus\UP\Xablau\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
C:\Users\gus\UP\Xablau\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
C:\Users\gus\UP\Xablau\bin\Debug\net8.0\Mono.TextTemplating.dll
C:\Users\gus\UP\Xablau\bin\Debug\net8.0\MySqlConnector.dll
C:\Users\gus\UP\Xablau\bin\Debug\net8.0\Pomelo.EntityFrameworkCore.MySql.dll
C:\Users\gus\UP\Xablau\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.CodeDom.dll
C:\Users\gus\UP\projeto-dbz-csharp\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.Development.json
C:\Users\gus\UP\projeto-dbz-csharp\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.json
C:\Users\gus\UP\projeto-dbz-csharp\bin\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.exe
C:\Users\gus\UP\projeto-dbz-csharp\bin\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.deps.json
C:\Users\gus\UP\projeto-dbz-csharp\bin\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\gus\UP\projeto-dbz-csharp\bin\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.dll
C:\Users\gus\UP\projeto-dbz-csharp\bin\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.pdb
C:\Users\gus\UP\projeto-dbz-csharp\bin\Debug\net8.0\Humanizer.dll
C:\Users\gus\UP\projeto-dbz-csharp\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
C:\Users\gus\UP\projeto-dbz-csharp\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\gus\UP\projeto-dbz-csharp\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Design.dll
C:\Users\gus\UP\projeto-dbz-csharp\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
C:\Users\gus\UP\projeto-dbz-csharp\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
C:\Users\gus\UP\projeto-dbz-csharp\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
C:\Users\gus\UP\projeto-dbz-csharp\bin\Debug\net8.0\Mono.TextTemplating.dll
C:\Users\gus\UP\projeto-dbz-csharp\bin\Debug\net8.0\MySqlConnector.dll
C:\Users\gus\UP\projeto-dbz-csharp\bin\Debug\net8.0\Pomelo.EntityFrameworkCore.MySql.dll
C:\Users\gus\UP\projeto-dbz-csharp\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
C:\Users\gus\UP\projeto-dbz-csharp\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
C:\Users\gus\UP\projeto-dbz-csharp\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
C:\Users\gus\UP\projeto-dbz-csharp\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.CodeDom.dll
C:\Users\gus\UP\projeto-dbz-csharp\obj\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\gus\UP\projeto-dbz-csharp\obj\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\gus\UP\projeto-dbz-csharp\obj\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\gus\UP\projeto-dbz-csharp\obj\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\gus\UP\projeto-dbz-csharp\obj\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\gus\UP\projeto-dbz-csharp\obj\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\gus\UP\projeto-dbz-csharp\obj\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
C:\Users\gus\UP\projeto-dbz-csharp\obj\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.sourcelink.json
C:\Users\gus\UP\projeto-dbz-csharp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.build.json
C:\Users\gus\UP\projeto-dbz-csharp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.development.json
C:\Users\gus\UP\projeto-dbz-csharp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.Xablau.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
C:\Users\gus\UP\projeto-dbz-csharp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.Xablau.props
C:\Users\gus\UP\projeto-dbz-csharp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.Xablau.props
C:\Users\gus\UP\projeto-dbz-csharp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.Xablau.props
C:\Users\gus\UP\projeto-dbz-csharp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
C:\Users\gus\UP\projeto-dbz-csharp\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\bundle\Xablau.styles.css
C:\Users\gus\UP\projeto-dbz-csharp\obj\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.csproj.Up2Date
C:\Users\gus\UP\projeto-dbz-csharp\obj\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.dll
C:\Users\gus\UP\projeto-dbz-csharp\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\Xablau.dll
C:\Users\gus\UP\projeto-dbz-csharp\obj\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.pdb
C:\Users\gus\UP\projeto-dbz-csharp\obj\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\gus\UP\projeto-dbz-csharp\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\Xablau.dll
c:\Users\Eduardo\Desktop\ProjetoSoftwareVisual - avancado\projeto\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\Eduardo\Desktop\ProjetoSoftwareVisual - avancado\projeto\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\Eduardo\Desktop\ProjetoSoftwareVisual - avancado\projeto\bin\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.exe
C:\Users\Eduardo\Desktop\ProjetoSoftwareVisual - avancado\projeto\bin\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.deps.json
C:\Users\Eduardo\Desktop\ProjetoSoftwareVisual - avancado\projeto\bin\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\Eduardo\Desktop\ProjetoSoftwareVisual - avancado\projeto\bin\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.dll
c:\Users\Eduardo\Desktop\ProjetoSoftwareVisual - avancado\projeto\bin\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.pdb
c:\Users\Eduardo\Desktop\ProjetoSoftwareVisual - avancado\projeto\bin\Debug\net8.0\Humanizer.dll
c:\Users\Eduardo\Desktop\ProjetoSoftwareVisual - avancado\projeto\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
c:\Users\Eduardo\Desktop\ProjetoSoftwareVisual - avancado\projeto\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\Eduardo\Desktop\ProjetoSoftwareVisual - avancado\projeto\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Design.dll
c:\Users\Eduardo\Desktop\ProjetoSoftwareVisual - avancado\projeto\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
c:\Users\Eduardo\Desktop\ProjetoSoftwareVisual - avancado\projeto\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
c:\Users\Eduardo\Desktop\ProjetoSoftwareVisual - avancado\projeto\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
c:\Users\Eduardo\Desktop\ProjetoSoftwareVisual - avancado\projeto\bin\Debug\net8.0\Mono.TextTemplating.dll
c:\Users\Eduardo\Desktop\ProjetoSoftwareVisual - avancado\projeto\bin\Debug\net8.0\MySqlConnector.dll
c:\Users\Eduardo\Desktop\ProjetoSoftwareVisual - avancado\projeto\bin\Debug\net8.0\Pomelo.EntityFrameworkCore.MySql.dll
c:\Users\Eduardo\Desktop\ProjetoSoftwareVisual - avancado\projeto\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
c:\Users\Eduardo\Desktop\ProjetoSoftwareVisual - avancado\projeto\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
c:\Users\Eduardo\Desktop\ProjetoSoftwareVisual - avancado\projeto\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
c:\Users\Eduardo\Desktop\ProjetoSoftwareVisual - avancado\projeto\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.CodeDom.dll
c:\Users\Eduardo\Desktop\ProjetoSoftwareVisual - avancado\projeto\obj\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Eduardo\Desktop\ProjetoSoftwareVisual - avancado\projeto\obj\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\Eduardo\Desktop\ProjetoSoftwareVisual - avancado\projeto\obj\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\Eduardo\Desktop\ProjetoSoftwareVisual - avancado\projeto\obj\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Eduardo\Desktop\ProjetoSoftwareVisual - avancado\projeto\obj\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Eduardo\Desktop\ProjetoSoftwareVisual - avancado\projeto\obj\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Eduardo\Desktop\ProjetoSoftwareVisual - avancado\projeto\obj\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\Eduardo\Desktop\ProjetoSoftwareVisual - avancado\projeto\obj\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\Eduardo\Desktop\ProjetoSoftwareVisual - avancado\projeto\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Users\Eduardo\Desktop\ProjetoSoftwareVisual - avancado\projeto\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Users\Eduardo\Desktop\ProjetoSoftwareVisual - avancado\projeto\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.Xablau.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
c:\Users\Eduardo\Desktop\ProjetoSoftwareVisual - avancado\projeto\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.Xablau.props
c:\Users\Eduardo\Desktop\ProjetoSoftwareVisual - avancado\projeto\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.Xablau.props
c:\Users\Eduardo\Desktop\ProjetoSoftwareVisual - avancado\projeto\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.Xablau.props
c:\Users\Eduardo\Desktop\ProjetoSoftwareVisual - avancado\projeto\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
c:\Users\Eduardo\Desktop\ProjetoSoftwareVisual - avancado\projeto\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\bundle\Xablau.styles.css
C:\Users\Eduardo\Desktop\ProjetoSoftwareVisual - avancado\projeto\obj\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.csproj.Up2Date
c:\Users\Eduardo\Desktop\ProjetoSoftwareVisual - avancado\projeto\obj\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.dll
c:\Users\Eduardo\Desktop\ProjetoSoftwareVisual - avancado\projeto\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\Xablau.dll
c:\Users\Eduardo\Desktop\ProjetoSoftwareVisual - avancado\projeto\obj\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.pdb
C:\Users\Eduardo\Desktop\ProjetoSoftwareVisual - avancado\projeto\obj\Debug\net8.0\Xablau.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\Eduardo\Desktop\ProjetoSoftwareVisual - avancado\projeto\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\Xablau.dll
